[Resource] Network Security Group Rule (#159)
powervs-ibm/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_network_security_group_rule.html.markdown

Add or remove a network security group rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
    resource "ibm_pi_network_security_group_rules" "network_security_group" {
        pi_cloud_instance_id = "<value of the cloud_instance_id>"
        pi_network_security_group_id = ""
    }
```

### Notes

- Please find [supported Regions](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#endpoint) for endpoints.
- If a Power cloud instance is provisioned at `lon04`, The provider level attributes should be as follows:
  - `region` - `lon`
  - `zone` - `lon04`
  
Example usage:

  ```terraform
    provider "ibm" {
      region    =   "lon"
      zone      =   "lon04"
    }
  ```

## Argument Reference

Review the argument references that you can specify for your resource.

- `pi_action` - (Optional, String) The action to take if the rule matches network traffic. Supported values are: `allow`, `deny`. Required if `pi_network_security_group_rule_id` is not provided.
- `pi_cloud_instance_id` - (Required, String) The GUID of the service instance associated with an account.
- `pi_destination_port` - (Optional, List) The list of destination port.

    Nested schema for `pi_destination_port`:

>       - `pi_maximum` - (Optional, Int) The end of the port range, if applicable, If values are not present then all ports are in the range.
>       - `pi_minimum` - (Optional, Int) The start of the port range, if applicable. If values are not present then all ports are in the range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `pi_maximum` - (Optional, Int) The end of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 65535 will be the maximum port number.
      - `pi_minimum` - (Optional, Int) The start of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 1 will be the minimum port number.
```

      - `pi_icmp_types` - (Required, List) If icmp type, the list of ICMP packet types (by numbers) affected by ICMP rules and if not present then all types are matched. Must provide empty list if no icmp types are needed.
      - `pi_tcp_flags` - (Optional, String) If tcp type, the list of TCP flags and if not present then all flags are matched. Supported values are: `syn`, `ack`, `fin`, `rst`, `urg`, `psh`, `wnd`, `chk`, `seq`.
      - `pi_type` - (Required, String) The protocol of the network traffic. Supported values are: `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `all`.
- `pi_remote` - (Optional, List) List of remote. Required if `pi_network_security_group_rule_id` is not provided.

    Nested schema for `pi_remote`:
    - `pi_id` - (Optional, String) The id of the remote network address group or network security group the rules apply to. Not required for default-network-address-group.
    - `pi_type` - (Optional, String) The type of remote group the rules apply to. Supported values are: `network-security-group`, `network-address-group`, `default-network-address-group`.
- `pi_source_port` - (Optional, List) List of source port

    Nested schema for `pi_source_port`:

>     - `pi_maximum` - (Optional, Int) The end of the port range, if applicable, If values are not present then all ports are in the range.
>     - `pi_minimum` - (Optional, Int) The start of the port range, if applicable. If values are not present then all ports are in the range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `pi_maximum` - (Optional, Int) The end of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 65535 will be the maximum port number.
    - `pi_minimum` - (Optional, Int) The start of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 1 will be the minimum port number.
```

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

- `crn` - (String) The network security group's crn.

- `members` - (List) The list of IPv4 addresses and\or network interfaces in the network security group.

    Nested schema for `members`:
  - `id` - (String) The id of the member in a network security group.
  - `mac_address` - (String) The mac address of a network interface included if the type is `network-interface`.
  - `target` - (String) If `ipv4-address` type, then IPv4 address or if `network-interface` type, then network interface id.
  - `type` - (String) The type of member. Supported values are: `ipv4-address`, `network-interface`.

- `network_security_group_id` -(String) The unique identifier of the network security group.
- `rules` - (List) The list of rules in the network security group.

    Nested schema for `rules`:
  - `action` - (String) The action to take if the rule matches network traffic. Supported values are: `allow`, `deny`.
  - `destination_port` - (List) The list of destination port.

        Nested schema for `destination_port`:

>           - `maximum` - (Int) The end of the port range, if applicable, If values are not present then all ports are in the range.
>           - `minimum` - (Int) The start of the port range, if applicable. If values are not present then all ports are in the range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - `maximum` - (Int) The end of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 65535 will be the maximum port number.
          - `minimum` - (Int)The start of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 1 will be the minimum port number.
```

  - `name` - (String) The unique name of the network security group rule.
  - `protocol` - (List) The list of protocol.

        Nested schema for `protocol`:
          - `icmp_types` - (List) If icmp type, the list of ICMP packet types (by numbers) affected by ICMP rules and if not present then all types are matched.
          - `tcp_flags` - (String) If tcp type, the list of TCP flags and if not present then all flags are matched. Supported values are: `syn`, `ack`, `fin`, `rst`, `urg`, `psh`, `wnd`, `chk`, `seq`.
          - `type` - (String) The protocol of the network traffic. Supported values are: `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `all`.
  - `remote` - (List) List of remote.

        Nested schema for `remote`:
        - `id` - (String) The id of the remote network address group or network security group the rules apply to. Not required for default-network-address-group.
        - `type` - (String) The type of remote group the rules apply to. Supported values are: `network-security-group`, `network-address-group`, `default-network-address-group`.
  - `source_port` - (List) List of source port

        Nested schema for `source_port`:

>         - `maximum` - (Int) The end of the port range, if applicable, If values are not present then all ports are in the range.
>         - `minimum` - (Int) The start of the port range, if applicable. If values are not present then all ports are in the range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `maximum` - (Int) The end of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 65535 will be the maximum port number.
        - `minimum` - (Int) The start of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 1 will be the minimum port number.
```

---
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_pi_network_security_group_rule"
description: |-
  Manages pi_network_security_group_rule.
subcategory: "Power Systems"
---

# ibm_pi_network_security_group_rule

Add or remove a network security group rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
    resource "ibm_pi_network_security_group_rule" "network_security_group_rule" {
      pi_cloud_instance_id         = "<value of the cloud_instance_id>"
      pi_network_security_group_id = "<value of network_security_group_id>"
      pi_action                    = "allow"
      pi_destination_ports {
        minimum = 1200
        maximum = 37466
      }
      pi_source_ports {
        minimum = 1000
        maximum = 19500
      }
      pi_protocol {
        icmp_types = []

>         tcp_flags  = ["syn", "ack"]

Reviewer: This needs to be updated to the new way to defined TCP flags

---
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_pi_network_security_group_rule"
description: |-
  Manages pi_network_security_group_rule.
subcategory: "Power Systems"
---

# ibm_pi_network_security_group_rule

Add or remove a network security group rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
    resource "ibm_pi_network_security_group_rule" "network_security_group_rule" {
      pi_cloud_instance_id         = "<value of the cloud_instance_id>"
      pi_network_security_group_id = "<value of network_security_group_id>"
      pi_action                    = "allow"
      pi_destination_ports {
        minimum = 1200
        maximum = 37466
      }
      pi_source_ports {
        minimum = 1000
        maximum = 19500
      }
      pi_protocol {

>         icmp_types = []

Reviewer: This argument needs to be updated everywhere it is present in the documentation, including no longer having to provide an empty array.

Author: Updated
